Create padStart.md (#3756)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/strings/padStart/padStart.md

---
Title: '.padStart()'
Description: 'Pads the start of a character sequence with a string of the specified character and length.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
  - 'String'
  - 'Padding'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.padStart()`** method will pad the start of the sequence with the desired fill character to the specified length, returning the new character seuqence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.padStart()`** method will pad the start of the sequence with the desired fill character to the specified length, returning the new character sequence. **`.padStart()`** is also used for left padding. 
```
